REQUIREMENTS

The KiCad Librarian is built with CMake and uses the wxWidgets toolkit. The PDF
reports are generated with the Haru PDF library ("libharu"). For the access to
the remote repository, the Librarian uses the Curl library. Therefore, the extra
requirements are:
* wxWidgets
* Haru PDF library
* Curl library (optional, see below)
* CMake


COMPILATION WITH CMAKE

The easiest way to build the software is probably to build it in the root of
this source archive, which is the directory that this README is in. Then, you
can type

	cmake-gui src

and generate the makefile.

One of the settings that CMake will show before generating the makefile, is
LIBRARIAN_USE_CURL. This option is checked by default. If you remove the
checkmark, the KiCad Librarian will be built without the ability to access a
remote repository. This removes the requiremenbt for the Curl library.

If you want to use the "make install" command, one of the settings that you
should change in the CMake GUI is CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX. By default, it is set
to "/opt/kicadlibrarian" (on Linux), but you may want to change this to a path
inside your home directory.

I made a CMake include file to scan for libharu. But CMake has to find that
include file first. If CMake complains that it cannot find "Findlibhpdf", you
may need to adjust the path in the CMakeLists.txt file (in the "src" directory).

After successfully generating the makefile, do:

	make

and the program builds.



INSTALLATION

The easiest way to install the program is to use

	make install

Depending on which "install prefix" you set, you may need to use sudo on make.

The alternative is to copy the files by hand. In the location of your choice,
you must first create an application directory, for example /home/you/librarian.
Then, create a "bin" directory below the application directory and copy the
program into the "bin" directory. The "template" directory should be below the
application directory too, for example /home/you/librarian/template. The same
goes for the "doc" and the "font" directories.

